DOC-2587: Improve Comments documentation for mentionedUids validation (#3524)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/plugin-apis/comments-apis.adoc

It is recommended to use this API to retrieve which users have been mentioned in comments.

[NOTE]
====

> The `mentionedUids` array captures any string following the `@` symbol without verifying if these strings correspond to valid user IDs. It is up to the developer to ensure that the mentioned users are valid users in the database. Refer to the xref:#example-using-geteventlog[getEventLog example] for an example of how to retrieve and verify the `mentionedUids` array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `mentionedUids` array captures strings following the `@` symbol without verifying if they correspond to valid user IDs. It is the integrator's responsibility to validate these strings against the database to ensure they represent valid users. 

For guidance on retrieving and verifying the `mentionedUids` array, refer to the xref:#example-using-geteventlog[getEventLog example].

```

====

[[example-using-geteventlog]]
==== Example: using `+getEventLog()+`

[source,js]
----

> // Fake database of users
> const users = {
>   "user1": "John Doe",
>   "user2": "Jane Doe",
>   "user3": "Alice Doe",
> };

Reviewer 2: Yea, in most of our examples we recommend lowercase full names with no spaces as user ids.
```suggestion
// Fake database of users
const users = {
  "johndoe": "John Doe",
  "janedoe": "Jane Doe",
  "alicedoe": "Alice Doe",
};
```
